=pod

=head1 NAME

alamin - Alamin GSM SMS Gateway

=head1 SYNOPSIS

alamin {start|stop|restart|reload|force-reload}

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Alamin GSM SMS Gateway is a set of daemons that allows you to use a
computer as a messaging gateway, where one of the sides uses messages
generated from ip applications, and the other side uses GSM SMS (GSM Short
Message Service) messages.

Alamin allows you to start and stop that whole set of daemons
sinchronously.

The goal is to have an easy to use gateway for passing messages to GSM mobile
phones from a network of ip clients, and receive SMS messages from mobile
phones and pass it to a program that process it.

Common uses for this gateway are conversational applications where
mobile clients ask for some information and receive the answer using SMS
message for both, ask and answer. Financial transactions, conversational
games, remote systems administration, alarms notification and a lot of
other imaginative uses can be implemented over an SMS gateway.

You can expand your applications to the mobile phone keyboard with
little script programming to wrap your SMS into console commands.

=head1 FILES

/etc/alamin/gsgc.conf, client config file
/etc/alamin/gsgd.conf, gateway config file

=head1 SEE ALSO

See also gsgc(1), gsgcmd(8), gsgmdd(8) and gsgsmtpd(8)

=head1 BUGS

Send bugs to the author, please. I would like to keep the program without
bugs.

=head1 LICENSE

Alamin GSM SMS Gateway
Copyright (C) Andres Seco Hernandez and others.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

=head1 AUTHOR

Andres Seco Hernandez <AndresSH@alamin.org>.

=cut

